README.md, before:

# heroes

an app to view all heroes

I used "React-native cli" for easier creation of the project.

# Install requirements

```
npm install --global react-native-cli
```

<p>You may need to check this WEB if you haven't used react-native before

https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup

</p>

# May need execute

```
npm install
```

this re-install all dependecies

# Preview

<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss1.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss2.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss3.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss4.png"></img>

# To Run project

you can open in Android device or emulator

```
npx react-native run-android
```

# How to use the app

Select the first hero, clicking on the 'Select hero' button and look for the hero by name, select it and it will be added to the main screen, do the same with the second and you can face them, after that you can scroll to right and touching the 'Refresh' button you will see the battle history

I would appreciate your feedback.

Commit message:

preview images changed and update readme.md

README.md, after:

# heroes

an app to view all heroes

I used "React-native cli" for easier creation of the project.

# Install requirements

```
npm install --global react-native-cli
```

<p>You may need to check this WEB if you haven't used react-native before

https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup

</p>

# May need execute

```
npm install
```

this re-install all dependecies

# Preview

<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss1.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss2.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss3.png"></img>
<img src="https://github.com/luismgluis/heroes/blob/main/src/statics/ss4.png"></img>

# To Run project

you can open in Android device or emulator

```
npx react-native run-android
```

# Preview App

You can download app.apk file here to install on android
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gIBOVJ5zj9C-cuOSKsM75bRDUQXChPdP/view?usp=sharing

# How to use the app

Select the first hero, clicking on the 'Select hero' button and look for the hero by name, select it and it will be added to the main screen, do the same with the second and you can face them, after that you can scroll to right and touching the 'Refresh' button you will see the battle history

I would appreciate your feedback.
